feat(portal): Entra and Okta DCR rotation (#4752)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/dev-portal/azure-ad-dcr.md

    q: How do I automatically create and manage Dev Portal applications in Azure AD?
    a: |
      You can use Dynamic Client Registration to automatically create Dev Portal applications in Azure AD. First, create an application in Azure and configure the `Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy` and `User.Read` API permissions, select **Accounts in this organizational directory only** for the supported account types, and create a client secret. Then, create a new DCR provider in your Dev Portal settings and create a new auth strategy for DCR.
faqs:
  - q: Can developers rotate their Entra DCR credentials?

>     a: Yes, developers can have multiple Entra DCR credentials. See [Managing credentials](/dev-portal/dynamic-client-registration/#managing-credentials) for more information about how to rotate and revoke credentials.

Reviewer: This is a bit unclear - saying "can have multiple credentials" doesn't answer the question directly. 
```suggestion
    a: Yes, developers can create multiple Entra DCR credentials and revoke old ones as needed. See [Managing credentials](/dev-portal/dynamic-client-registration/#managing-credentials) for more information.
```
